fix anchors (#35863)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/runtime/messagesender/index.md

  - : `string`. The URL of the page or frame hosting the script that sent the message.

>     If the sender is a script running in an extension page (such as a [background page](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#background_scripts), an [options page](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#options_pages), or a [browser action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#sidebars_popups_and_options_pages_2) or [page action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Anatomy_of_a_WebExtension#page_actions) popup), the URL is in the form `"moz-extension://<extension-internal-id>/path/to/page.html"`. If the sender is a background script and you haven't included a background page, it is `"moz-extension://<extension-internal-id>/_generated_background_page.html"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the sender is a script running in an extension page (such as a [background page](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Background_scripts), an [options page](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Options_pages), or a [browser action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Toolbar_button) or [page action](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/user_interface/Page_actions) popup), the URL is in the form `"moz-extension://<extension-internal-id>/path/to/page.html"`. If the sender is a background script and you haven't included a background page, it is `"moz-extension://<extension-internal-id>/_generated_background_page.html"`.
```
